>> Kyle Simpson: Let's talk
about exercise five, part one.
As you saw in the read me,
the goal was to create a simple API
around a simple module API, around
the contents of our code, named app.
And it should expose on that API these
three methods, init, which is just
basically the init UI function, should
expose addProject and addWorkToProject.
That third one is only there so
that it's easier for us to test by calling
the addWorkToProject from the outside.
Also it makes mention here on line 20,
that we wanna make sure not to call
App.init or
the data creation of App.addProject.
We don't wanna make those
calls inside the module.
They need to be on the outside.
So our code starts out with
a bunch of variables hanging all
out in the global space and
functions hanging out in the global space.
And naturally what we'd wanna
do is basically wrap a module or
definition on the entire content.
So I could, for example,
start by saying App =, and then just have
a IIFE, maybe call it factory,
that creates my module instance.
Put all of this stuff indented one level,
and
finish my IIFE down at the bottom.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
that's all I had to do to actually
wrap this stuff up into a module
definition except for a couple of details.
For example,
this stuff needs to be on the outside.
So I'll grab it and
move that down to the bottom.
So it's on,
it's after the module's already been
created.
>> Kyle Simpson: This init
function is gonna be now App.init,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
these calls are gonna be App.addProject.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then the last step
is to make an API for this module.
So at the top here, I will declare an API,
object called publicAPI,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
return it.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then, on that API,
we need to go back to the read me and
so we need to expose three functions.
We need an init function,
that is the initUI,
we need the addProject function to be
exposed,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we need addWorkToProject to be exposed.
>> Kyle Simpson: And that's it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
that was some pretty low-hanging fruit,
comparatively speaking.
Cuz what we just did with that few six,
seven, eight lines of code, what we
just did, was take a code base which has
a bunch of global stuff all hanging out.
Very susceptible to collision and
not very well organized,
we just wrapped a simple definition
around it and that improved the code.
We now have an app module instance
instead of a bunch of uncollected
functions.
>> Kyle Simpson: Questions about part one
of the exercise?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Is it okay to shorthand
notation there if the function-
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
the ES6 concise properties if you want to.
That's an ES6 feature which
we didn't really cover.
But concise properties in ES6 means if
they're the same name in both places,
you don't need to list them twice.